hey everyone this is matt davis without
a blog.com another shortcut video and
today I'm out here in California Laguna
Seca Raceway with the BMW midlife 7
series and one of the great stories
about this is the new version 4.2 of I
Drive and I am here with the person who
has essentially been in charge of
orchestrating this whole new version
Eric Sargent
hmm walk us through it a little bit what
the key features are that users need to
know about so what I can show you is the
new simple bluetooth pairing that we
have with the navigation system so what
customers can do now is pair their phone
without having to type in any type of
pin code I know most people tend to type
in a four zeros to just type it in so
now we don't have to type in anything as
far as a pin code what you do is get
your phone on want to add a new device
so now the vehicle is ready to accept
the vehicle to a device we go in go into
bluetooth on our phone we find the
correct vehicle we see it down there you
start to let a pair now we see that
they've recognized each other the
vehicles automatically generate a random
pin I just checked the pin on both the
device and the vehicle I say okay on
both they're now connecting and the last
step is going to be that it wants to
know what features I'd like to enable so
I want this phone to be the primary
phone and Bluetooth audio and I say ok
and then I'm ready to go nice and now
let's go into the navigation function
that will show us all the exciting new
3d graphics or virtual 3d that you've
been talking about so if you're governor
navigation you see that the menu bar
still on the left hand side and we can
do is if we want to go into the
interactive map you go to interactive
mode
let's zoom back out let's go cross
country we can go back to New York City
Dada Dada Dada see if I can get in close
this time we want to do is change it to
perspective view hmm this is now in the
new PI menu in the interactive mode we
can do is take a little drive from
Provincetown to New York and back up a
little bit
and then we're gonna get to New York
we're gonna zoom in I'm going to start
to see the 3d city models there we go
this is the part I like
I also seem to have you have our branded
fuel icons there as well yeah okay
specific fuel station as we get closer
to downtown here let's start to see all
the buildings pop up so you have
additional visual reference when you're
driving around the city and your common
points of interest and as you zoom in
closer and closer start to see more and
more buildings pop up giving you added
visual reference as you're driving
around the city extremely cool thanks a
lot Eric this is matt davis of auto
blog.com not a shortcut